# jivtejanand.github.io
Mark, hello, and thanks. It was my first time trying to build a website or online pages. A very knowledgeable experience, indeed. I went through a numerous number of youtube tutorials and long long sessions with my peers in order to understand and bridge the gap between making a figma layout and then implementing it into an actual coded design. The final output is very close to what I had envisioned initially so I'm really happy and glad about the website. Although in time I want to learn more javascript to be able to include much better interactions. I started building the website in figma and deciding to which projects I should include, after creating the basic layout I started to code the HTML, following which I coded the CSS and finally some javascript. I faced a lot of glitches and roadblocks but from help here and there I managed to figure my way out. In hindsight I do feel confident about writing html and css and to practise more web development projects. Web development was something i was looking forward to learn in this course and now i've a portfolio that i can show people and tell them that i've have written its code myself. Thank you.

I used VS code to write all code and hyper link images and the otehr css and html pages together. It has a very nice and user frinedly interface. With all the color code segregation it is realy helpful to keep track of the code. The promts als osave time to write the code which i really liked.

I also ran the code thorugh the validator that you had mentioned, i corrected alot of errors, but the last 2 errors of the htlm file could not be removed but the 2nd error also said that it was accpeted in terms of the context ie i had to put the div in side the UL tag inorder to align the hamburger menu in the nav bar to place it next to other heading. 
Although the CSS checker kept crashing whenever i checked my code it did say i didnt have any errors but loads of warnings which i could not load as it kept crashing.
Finally for the WAVE report i provide the backgroud as black and the text as white which is high contrast but the errors still woudlnt change and even tho the other webpages linked it showed the links as empty. So i'm not sure as to the analysis of the wave report, but again it is good to know about such tools that can help increase the efficiency of the design.
